welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
howell's moving castle
sophie a young milliner encounters a
wizard named howell on her way to visit
her sister letty
upon returning home she meets the witch
of the waist who
transforms her into a 90 year old woman
seeking to break the curse sophie leaves
home and sets off through the
countryside
she meets a living scarecrow whom she
calls
turnip head he leads her to howl's
moving castle where she enters without
invitation
she subsequently meets howell's young
apprentice markle and a fire demon named
calcifer
who is the source of the castle's magic
and movement
when howl appears sophie announces that
she has
hired herself as a cleaning lady
in truth calcifer made a deal with
sophie to break her curse if she breaks
his link with howell
meanwhile sophie's nation is caught up
in a war with a neighboring kingdom
who is searching for their missing
prince
the king summons howl to fight in the
war
however hal decides to send sophie to
the king
under the pretense of being his mother
to tell him that howl is too much of a
coward to fight
before leaving he gives sophie a charmed
ring that leads her to calcifer and
guarantees her safety
sophie meets sullivan the king's advisor
and also the witch of the waste
whom solomon punishes by draining all of
her power and reverting her to her true
age
that of a harmless old woman solomon
warns sophie that howl will meet the
same fate if he does not fight for the
king and so howl arrives to rescue
sophie
solomon tries to trap him by turning him
into a monster
but with sophie's help he remembers
himself and just
barely avoids death the duo escapes
along with the former witch of the waste
and solomon's dogheen
in the meantime soldiers from each
kingdom break into the homes of both
jenkins and pendragon howl's aliases in
those kingdoms
however the men only find an empty
courtyard and warehouse
as the castle's magic nature allows
travel between
four separate residences sophie learns
that howell's life is somehow bound to
calcifers and that howl has been
transforming into a bird-like creature
to interfere with both sides in the war
but each transformation makes it more
difficult for him to return to human
form
how then has the castle magically linked
to sophie's home
parking the castle itself on the town's
outskirts
a few days later the town is bombed by
enemy aircraft and solomon's henchmen
attacked the house and sophie's hat shop
howell heads out to protect the group
sophie then moves everyone out of the
house and removes calcifer from the
fireplace
which collapses the castle the witch of
the waist realizes that
calcifer has howl's heart and grabs the
fire demon
setting herself on fire sophie panics
and pours water onto the witch
which douses calcifer the remainder of
the castle then splits in two
sophie falls down a chasm and is
separated from the group
following the charmed ring sophie
wanders into a scene from the past
where she sees a young howl catch a
falling star
calcifer and give him his heart
sophie calls for them to find her in the
future as she is teleported away
she returns to the present finds howl
and they reunite with the others
the witch returns howell's heart and
sophie places it back
inside howl reviving him and freeing
kalcifer
though he decides to stay sophie's curse
is broken
though her hair remains white a symbol
to show that her learning and maturity
from the whole experience are intact
after she kisses turnip head on the
cheek he returns to human form
revealing himself to be justin the
missing prince
from the enemy kingdom he reveals that
only his true love's kiss can break his
curse
after seeing sophie's affection lies
with howl
he promptly heads for home to cease the
war
solomon watching through a crystal globe
also decides to end the war
as the bombers fly away sophie howell
and the others
travel high in the air in a new flying
castle
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you